readme.md, before:

﻿# Awesome WebAudio

[![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome#readme)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/voodootikigod/logo.js/master/webaudio/webaudio-js.png" width="200px" alt="WebAudio">

> A curated list of awesome [WebAudio](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_API) [packages](#packages) and [demos](#demos).

Inspired by the [awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) list thing.

Please raise a [Pull-Request](https://github.com/notthetup/awesome-webaudio/pulls) to add an awesome WebAudio thing to this list.

## Contents

- [Packages](#packages)
  - [Frameworks](#frameworks)
  - [Libraries](#libraries)
  - [Utilities](#utilities)
  - [MIDI](#midi)
  - [Apps](#apps)
- [Resources](#resources)
  - [Tutorials](#tutorials)
  - [Books](#books)
  - [Newsletters](#newsletters)
  - [Community](#community)
- [Obsolete](#obsolete)

## Packages

### Frameworks

- [Tone.js](https://github.com/Tonejs/Tone.js) - A framework for making interactive music in the browser.
- [Bap](https://github.com/adamrenklint/bap) - A toolkit for making beats and composing sequences, inspired by the classic MPC60/2000.
- [Omnitone](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/omnitone) - Ambisonic spatial audio on the web.
- [Mach1Spatial](https://github.com/Mach1Studios/m1-sdk) - Vector based panning spatial audio on the web.
- [Elementary](https://www.elementary.audio/) – Declarative, functional framework for writing audio software on the web or for native apps

### Libraries

- [smoothfade](https://github.com/notthetup/smoothfade) - A library for smoothly fading between two AudioNodes.
- [virtual-audio-graph](https://github.com/benji6/virtual-audio-graph) - Library for declaratively manipulating the Web Audio API.
- [XSound.js](https://xsound.app/) - Full stack library.
- [Sound.js](https://github.com/kittykatattack/sound.js) - A micro-library to load, play and generate sound effects and music for games and interactive applications.
- [Meyda](https://github.com/meyda/meyda) - Audio feature extraction library including a variety of widely used audio features.
- [Wavesurfer.js](https://github.com/katspaugh/wavesurfer.js) - Interactive navigable audio visualization using Web Audio and Canvas.
- [Audiojs](https://github.com/audiojs/audio) - An object that enables you to store, read, and write PCM audio data more easily.
- [Tuna](https://github.com/Theodeus/tuna) - An audio effects library.
- [Rythm.js](https://okazari.github.io/Rythm.js/) - A javascript library that makes your page dance.
- [Howler.js](https://github.com/goldfire/howler.js) - A comprehensive library with a fallback to HTML5 Audio.
- [Circular Audio Wave](https://github.com/kelvinau/circular-audio-wave) - A JS library for audio visualization in circular wave using Web Audio API and ECharts.
- [Wad](https://github.com/rserota/wad) - Web Audio DAW. Use the Web Audio API for dynamic sound synthesis. It's like jQuery for your ears.
- [p5.sound](https://p5js.org/reference/#/libraries/p5.sound) - An extension that adds Web Audio functionality to the creative coding library [p5.js](https://p5js.org/).
- [@magenta/music](https://github.com/magenta/magenta-js/tree/master/music) - A JavaScript library to use machine learning models and generate music in the browser, by having some neat abstractions over the Webaudio API.
- [soundfont-player](https://www.npmjs.com/package/soundfont-player) - A soundfont loader/player to play MIDI sounds using WebAudio API.

### Utilities

- [Audion](https://github.com/google/audion) - Chrome extension that adds a Web Audio panel to Developer Tools.
- [web-audio-generator](https://github.com/ISNIT0/webaudio-generator) - A UI for generating Web Audio code.

### MIDI

- [midimessage](https://github.com/notthetup/midimessage) - A simple MIDI Message parser.
- [JZZ](https://github.com/jazz-soft/JZZ) - MIDI library for Node.js and all major browsers.
- [JZZ-midi-Gear](https://github.com/jazz-soft/JZZ-midi-Gear) - Retrieve your MIDI device model and manufacturer.
- [WEBMIDI.js](https://webmidijs.org/) - The Web MIDI API made easy.

### Apps

- [BassoonTracker](https://github.com/steffest/BassoonTracker) - MOD/XM Tracker in Javascript.
- [LoopDrop App](https://github.com/mmckegg/loop-drop-app) - MIDI looper, modular synth and sampler app built using Web Audio and Web MIDI APIs.
- [X Sound](https://xsound.app/) - Multi Sound Application that uses XSound.js.
- [Molgav](https://github.com/surikov/molgav) - Musical Step Sequencer for melodies exchange.
- [mod-synth.io](https://github.com/andrevenancio/mod-synth.io) - Create your own modular synthesizer, or emulate different synths.
- [GridSound](https://gridsound.github.io) - A work-in-progress DAW (Digital Audio Workstation).
- [Learning Music](https://learningmusic.ableton.com/) - Learn the basics of music making.
- [Super Oscillator](https://github.com/lukehorvat/super-oscillator) - An interactive, 3D music synthesizer for the Web.
- [AudioNodes](https://audionodes.com) - Modular audio production suite with multi-track audio mixing, audio effects, parameter automation, MIDI editing, synthesis, cloud production, and more.
- [waveform-playlist](https://github.com/naomiaro/waveform-playlist) - Multitrack Web Audio editor and player with canvas waveform preview. Set cues, fades and shift multiple tracks in time. Record audio tracks or provide audio annotations. Export your mix to AudioBuffer or WAV! Project inspired by Audacity.
- [SoundCycle](https://github.com/scriptify/soundcycle) - A Web Audio based Loopstation for musicians with effects and different looping modes.
- [DSP.audio Worklet Editor](https://dsp.audio/editor/) - Online Audio Worklet editor for sketching and collaboration, with sampler, MIDI and analyzers. Like a JSFiddle, but for DSP.
- [AudioMass](https://audiomass.co/) - free, open source, web-based Audio and Waveform Editor.
- [Csound IDE](https://ide.csound.com/) - web IDE for [CSound programming language](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Csound).
- [jamhub](https://github.com/fletcherist/jamhub) - low-latency remote music collaboration & jam.
- [Web Audio Metronome](https://github.com/cwilso/metronome) - metronome app that uses the Web Audio scheduler and setTimeout scheduler
- [EarSketch](https://earsketch.gatech.edu/landing/#/) - free educational programming environment to teach Python and Javascript through music composing and remixing
- [webaudio-tinysynth](https://github.com/g200kg/webaudio-tinysynth) - a small synthesizer written in JavaScript with GM like timbre map.

## Resources

### Tutorials

- [WebAudio School](https://github.com/mmckegg/web-audio-school) - A series of self-guided workshops to learn WebAudio.
- [Web Audio API Understandable Reference](https://web-audio-api.firebaseapp.com/) - A reference that aims to be easy to understand for those who know some JavaScript and basic audio principles.
- [The Web Audio API: What Is It?](https://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/the-web-audio-api-what-is-it--cms-23735) - Intro to WebAudio.
- [Web Audio Basics](https://github.com/kylestetz/Web-Audio-Basics) - A growing set of light code samples with CodePen links for each.
- [Web Audio Perf](https://padenot.github.io/web-audio-perf/) - Performance of various AudioNodes and strategies for efficient resource usage (from WAC2016).
- [Percussion Synthesis Using Web Audio](https://github.com/irritant/WAC-2016-Tutorial) - This tutorial will introduce the basics of web audio programming by writing code to synthesize simple percussion sounds (from WAC2016).
- [Browser Noise: Web Audio Tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLLgJJsrdwhPywJe2TmMzYNKHdIZ3PASbr) - Playlist of video tutorials by Dan Tramte, hosted on the Audio Programmer YouTube channel.

### Books

- [JavaScript for Sound Artists](https://www.routledge.com/JavaScript-for-Sound-Artists-Learn-to-Code-with-the-Web-Audio-API/Turner-Leonard/p/book/9781138961531) - A bottom up JavaScript / DOM course using Web Audio for all the examples.
- [Web Audio API](https://webaudioapi.com/book/) - Intended to be a springboard for web developers with little to no digital audio expertise. Geared towards game audio and interactive apps.

### Newsletters

- [Web Audio Weekly Newsletter](https://www.webaudioweekly.com) - A weekly review of what's happening in Web Audio.

### Community

- [Slack](https://web-audio-slackin.herokuapp.com/) - A Slack for discussing Web Audio.

## Obsolete

Projects without activity since January 2019 or officially dead.

- [Gibberish](https://github.com/gibber-cc/gibberish) - A JavaScript DSP library that creates JIT optimized audio callbacks using code generation techniques.
- [lissajous](https://github.com/kylestetz/lissajous) - A tool for programmatic audio performance.
- [SSSynthesiser.js](https://github.com/surikov/SSSynthesiser.js) - A wavetable synthesizer for interactive music and sound effects.
- [WAAX](https://github.com/hoch/WAAX/) - Build Music Apps for browsers.
- [Band.js](https://github.com/meenie/band.js/) An interface for the Web Audio API that supports rhythms, multiple instruments, repeating sections, and complex time signatures.
- [reverbGen](https://github.com/adelespinasse/reverbGen) - A JavaScript library for generating artificial reverb impulse responses.
- [TuneJS](https://github.com/abbernie/tune) - A tuning library of microtonal and just intonation scales. Supports over 3,000 historical tunings.
- [Beet.js](https://github.com/zya/beet.js) - A sequencer library for creating euclidean rhythms and polyrhythms.
- [AudioKeys](https://github.com/kylestetz/AudioKeys) - A QWERTY keyboard for web audio projects.
- [web-audio-test-api](https://github.com/mohayonao/web-audio-test-api) - A Web Audio test library for CI.
- [javascript-karplus-strong](https://github.com/mrahtz/javascript-karplus-strong) - JavaScript/Web Audio implementation of Karplus-Strong guitar synthesis.
- [osc-msg](https://github.com/mohayonao/osc-msg) - OSC message decoder/encoder with fault tolerance.
- [Pizzicato](https://github.com/alemangui/pizzicato) - A library that aims to simplify the creation and manipulation sounds in the browser.
- [Mooog](https://github.com/mattlima/mooog) - Tools that simplify working with AudioNodes, inspired by jQuery and mixing tables.
- [envelope-generator](https://github.com/itsjoesullivan/envelope-generator) - Simple ADSR envelope generator for web audio.
- [audio contour](https://github.com/danigb/audio-contour) - A 5 stage audio envelope generator.
- [web-audio-recorder-js](https://github.com/higuma/web-audio-recorder-js) - A library that records audio input (Web Audio API AudioNode object) and encodes to audio file image (Blob object).
- [audiolet](https://github.com/oampo/Audiolet) - A JavaScript library for real-time audio synthesis and composition from within the browser.
- [playnote](https://github.com/createbits/playnote) - Play your favorite instrument in the browser, with complex note intervals and scales.
- [Recorderjs](https://github.com/mattdiamond/Recorderjs) - A plugin for recording/exporting the output of Web Audio API nodes.
- [resampler](https://github.com/notthetup/resampler) - A utility for resampling audio.
- [bpm-detective](https://github.com/tornqvist/bpm-detective) – Detects the BPM of a song or audio sample.
- [web-audio-utils](https://github.com/mohayonao/web-audio-utils) - Commonly needed utility functions for Web Audio API.
- [web-audio-oscillators](https://github.com/lukehorvat/web-audio-oscillators) - A collection of Web Audio custom oscillators.
- [midi-ports](https://github.com/AndrejHronco/midi-ports) - handy library to make it easier to work with attached MIDI devices.
- [Midi Logger](http://outputchannel.com/midi-logger/) - This Midi Logger will print all midi input to your browser for debugging.
- [Code Player](https://github.com/jcppman/code-player) - An experimental app that makes your codes sing for you.
- [Web Audio Modules](https://www.webaudiomodules.org/) - synthesizers and audio effects processors for web browsers (both API and implementations).

## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Chinmay Pendharkar](https://chinmay.audio/) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.

Commit message:

add web-audio-beat-detector to Apps

readme.md, after:

﻿# Awesome WebAudio

[![Awesome](https://awesome.re/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome#readme)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/voodootikigod/logo.js/master/webaudio/webaudio-js.png" width="200px" alt="WebAudio">

> A curated list of awesome [WebAudio](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_API) [packages](#packages) and [demos](#demos).

Inspired by the [awesome](https://github.com/sindresorhus/awesome) list thing.

Please raise a [Pull-Request](https://github.com/notthetup/awesome-webaudio/pulls) to add an awesome WebAudio thing to this list.

## Contents

- [Packages](#packages)
  - [Frameworks](#frameworks)
  - [Libraries](#libraries)
  - [Utilities](#utilities)
  - [MIDI](#midi)
  - [Apps](#apps)
- [Resources](#resources)
  - [Tutorials](#tutorials)
  - [Books](#books)
  - [Newsletters](#newsletters)
  - [Community](#community)
- [Obsolete](#obsolete)

## Packages

### Frameworks

- [Tone.js](https://github.com/Tonejs/Tone.js) - A framework for making interactive music in the browser.
- [Bap](https://github.com/adamrenklint/bap) - A toolkit for making beats and composing sequences, inspired by the classic MPC60/2000.
- [Omnitone](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/omnitone) - Ambisonic spatial audio on the web.
- [Mach1Spatial](https://github.com/Mach1Studios/m1-sdk) - Vector based panning spatial audio on the web.
- [Elementary](https://www.elementary.audio/) – Declarative, functional framework for writing audio software on the web or for native apps

### Libraries

- [smoothfade](https://github.com/notthetup/smoothfade) - A library for smoothly fading between two AudioNodes.
- [virtual-audio-graph](https://github.com/benji6/virtual-audio-graph) - Library for declaratively manipulating the Web Audio API.
- [XSound.js](https://xsound.app/) - Full stack library.
- [Sound.js](https://github.com/kittykatattack/sound.js) - A micro-library to load, play and generate sound effects and music for games and interactive applications.
- [Meyda](https://github.com/meyda/meyda) - Audio feature extraction library including a variety of widely used audio features.
- [Wavesurfer.js](https://github.com/katspaugh/wavesurfer.js) - Interactive navigable audio visualization using Web Audio and Canvas.
- [Audiojs](https://github.com/audiojs/audio) - An object that enables you to store, read, and write PCM audio data more easily.
- [Tuna](https://github.com/Theodeus/tuna) - An audio effects library.
- [Rythm.js](https://okazari.github.io/Rythm.js/) - A javascript library that makes your page dance.
- [Howler.js](https://github.com/goldfire/howler.js) - A comprehensive library with a fallback to HTML5 Audio.
- [Circular Audio Wave](https://github.com/kelvinau/circular-audio-wave) - A JS library for audio visualization in circular wave using Web Audio API and ECharts.
- [Wad](https://github.com/rserota/wad) - Web Audio DAW. Use the Web Audio API for dynamic sound synthesis. It's like jQuery for your ears.
- [p5.sound](https://p5js.org/reference/#/libraries/p5.sound) - An extension that adds Web Audio functionality to the creative coding library [p5.js](https://p5js.org/).
- [@magenta/music](https://github.com/magenta/magenta-js/tree/master/music) - A JavaScript library to use machine learning models and generate music in the browser, by having some neat abstractions over the Webaudio API.
- [soundfont-player](https://www.npmjs.com/package/soundfont-player) - A soundfont loader/player to play MIDI sounds using WebAudio API.

### Utilities

- [Audion](https://github.com/google/audion) - Chrome extension that adds a Web Audio panel to Developer Tools.
- [web-audio-generator](https://github.com/ISNIT0/webaudio-generator) - A UI for generating Web Audio code.

### MIDI

- [midimessage](https://github.com/notthetup/midimessage) - A simple MIDI Message parser.
- [JZZ](https://github.com/jazz-soft/JZZ) - MIDI library for Node.js and all major browsers.
- [JZZ-midi-Gear](https://github.com/jazz-soft/JZZ-midi-Gear) - Retrieve your MIDI device model and manufacturer.
- [WEBMIDI.js](https://webmidijs.org/) - The Web MIDI API made easy.

### Apps

- [BassoonTracker](https://github.com/steffest/BassoonTracker) - MOD/XM Tracker in Javascript.
- [LoopDrop App](https://github.com/mmckegg/loop-drop-app) - MIDI looper, modular synth and sampler app built using Web Audio and Web MIDI APIs.
- [X Sound](https://xsound.app/) - Multi Sound Application that uses XSound.js.
- [Molgav](https://github.com/surikov/molgav) - Musical Step Sequencer for melodies exchange.
- [mod-synth.io](https://github.com/andrevenancio/mod-synth.io) - Create your own modular synthesizer, or emulate different synths.
- [GridSound](https://gridsound.github.io) - A work-in-progress DAW (Digital Audio Workstation).
- [Learning Music](https://learningmusic.ableton.com/) - Learn the basics of music making.
- [Super Oscillator](https://github.com/lukehorvat/super-oscillator) - An interactive, 3D music synthesizer for the Web.
- [AudioNodes](https://audionodes.com) - Modular audio production suite with multi-track audio mixing, audio effects, parameter automation, MIDI editing, synthesis, cloud production, and more.
- [waveform-playlist](https://github.com/naomiaro/waveform-playlist) - Multitrack Web Audio editor and player with canvas waveform preview. Set cues, fades and shift multiple tracks in time. Record audio tracks or provide audio annotations. Export your mix to AudioBuffer or WAV! Project inspired by Audacity.
- [SoundCycle](https://github.com/scriptify/soundcycle) - A Web Audio based Loopstation for musicians with effects and different looping modes.
- [DSP.audio Worklet Editor](https://dsp.audio/editor/) - Online Audio Worklet editor for sketching and collaboration, with sampler, MIDI and analyzers. Like a JSFiddle, but for DSP.
- [AudioMass](https://audiomass.co/) - free, open source, web-based Audio and Waveform Editor.
- [Csound IDE](https://ide.csound.com/) - web IDE for [CSound programming language](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Csound).
- [jamhub](https://github.com/fletcherist/jamhub) - low-latency remote music collaboration & jam.
- [Web Audio Metronome](https://github.com/cwilso/metronome) - metronome app that uses the Web Audio scheduler and setTimeout scheduler
- [EarSketch](https://earsketch.gatech.edu/landing/#/) - free educational programming environment to teach Python and Javascript through music composing and remixing
- [webaudio-tinysynth](https://github.com/g200kg/webaudio-tinysynth) - a small synthesizer written in JavaScript with GM like timbre map.
- [web-audio-beat-detector](https://github.com/meerasndr/sample-golang-app) - a beat detection utility which is using the Web Audio API



## Resources

### Tutorials

- [WebAudio School](https://github.com/mmckegg/web-audio-school) - A series of self-guided workshops to learn WebAudio.
- [Web Audio API Understandable Reference](https://web-audio-api.firebaseapp.com/) - A reference that aims to be easy to understand for those who know some JavaScript and basic audio principles.
- [The Web Audio API: What Is It?](https://code.tutsplus.com/tutorials/the-web-audio-api-what-is-it--cms-23735) - Intro to WebAudio.
- [Web Audio Basics](https://github.com/kylestetz/Web-Audio-Basics) - A growing set of light code samples with CodePen links for each.
- [Web Audio Perf](https://padenot.github.io/web-audio-perf/) - Performance of various AudioNodes and strategies for efficient resource usage (from WAC2016).
- [Percussion Synthesis Using Web Audio](https://github.com/irritant/WAC-2016-Tutorial) - This tutorial will introduce the basics of web audio programming by writing code to synthesize simple percussion sounds (from WAC2016).
- [Browser Noise: Web Audio Tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLLgJJsrdwhPywJe2TmMzYNKHdIZ3PASbr) - Playlist of video tutorials by Dan Tramte, hosted on the Audio Programmer YouTube channel.

### Books

- [JavaScript for Sound Artists](https://www.routledge.com/JavaScript-for-Sound-Artists-Learn-to-Code-with-the-Web-Audio-API/Turner-Leonard/p/book/9781138961531) - A bottom up JavaScript / DOM course using Web Audio for all the examples.
- [Web Audio API](https://webaudioapi.com/book/) - Intended to be a springboard for web developers with little to no digital audio expertise. Geared towards game audio and interactive apps.

### Newsletters

- [Web Audio Weekly Newsletter](https://www.webaudioweekly.com) - A weekly review of what's happening in Web Audio.

### Community

- [Slack](https://web-audio-slackin.herokuapp.com/) - A Slack for discussing Web Audio.

## Obsolete

Projects without activity since January 2019 or officially dead.

- [Gibberish](https://github.com/gibber-cc/gibberish) - A JavaScript DSP library that creates JIT optimized audio callbacks using code generation techniques.
- [lissajous](https://github.com/kylestetz/lissajous) - A tool for programmatic audio performance.
- [SSSynthesiser.js](https://github.com/surikov/SSSynthesiser.js) - A wavetable synthesizer for interactive music and sound effects.
- [WAAX](https://github.com/hoch/WAAX/) - Build Music Apps for browsers.
- [Band.js](https://github.com/meenie/band.js/) An interface for the Web Audio API that supports rhythms, multiple instruments, repeating sections, and complex time signatures.
- [reverbGen](https://github.com/adelespinasse/reverbGen) - A JavaScript library for generating artificial reverb impulse responses.
- [TuneJS](https://github.com/abbernie/tune) - A tuning library of microtonal and just intonation scales. Supports over 3,000 historical tunings.
- [Beet.js](https://github.com/zya/beet.js) - A sequencer library for creating euclidean rhythms and polyrhythms.
- [AudioKeys](https://github.com/kylestetz/AudioKeys) - A QWERTY keyboard for web audio projects.
- [web-audio-test-api](https://github.com/mohayonao/web-audio-test-api) - A Web Audio test library for CI.
- [javascript-karplus-strong](https://github.com/mrahtz/javascript-karplus-strong) - JavaScript/Web Audio implementation of Karplus-Strong guitar synthesis.
- [osc-msg](https://github.com/mohayonao/osc-msg) - OSC message decoder/encoder with fault tolerance.
- [Pizzicato](https://github.com/alemangui/pizzicato) - A library that aims to simplify the creation and manipulation sounds in the browser.
- [Mooog](https://github.com/mattlima/mooog) - Tools that simplify working with AudioNodes, inspired by jQuery and mixing tables.
- [envelope-generator](https://github.com/itsjoesullivan/envelope-generator) - Simple ADSR envelope generator for web audio.
- [audio contour](https://github.com/danigb/audio-contour) - A 5 stage audio envelope generator.
- [web-audio-recorder-js](https://github.com/higuma/web-audio-recorder-js) - A library that records audio input (Web Audio API AudioNode object) and encodes to audio file image (Blob object).
- [audiolet](https://github.com/oampo/Audiolet) - A JavaScript library for real-time audio synthesis and composition from within the browser.
- [playnote](https://github.com/createbits/playnote) - Play your favorite instrument in the browser, with complex note intervals and scales.
- [Recorderjs](https://github.com/mattdiamond/Recorderjs) - A plugin for recording/exporting the output of Web Audio API nodes.
- [resampler](https://github.com/notthetup/resampler) - A utility for resampling audio.
- [bpm-detective](https://github.com/tornqvist/bpm-detective) – Detects the BPM of a song or audio sample.
- [web-audio-utils](https://github.com/mohayonao/web-audio-utils) - Commonly needed utility functions for Web Audio API.
- [web-audio-oscillators](https://github.com/lukehorvat/web-audio-oscillators) - A collection of Web Audio custom oscillators.
- [midi-ports](https://github.com/AndrejHronco/midi-ports) - handy library to make it easier to work with attached MIDI devices.
- [Midi Logger](http://outputchannel.com/midi-logger/) - This Midi Logger will print all midi input to your browser for debugging.
- [Code Player](https://github.com/jcppman/code-player) - An experimental app that makes your codes sing for you.
- [Web Audio Modules](https://www.webaudiomodules.org/) - synthesizers and audio effects processors for web browsers (both API and implementations).

## License

[![CC0](http://mirrors.creativecommons.org/presskit/buttons/88x31/svg/cc-zero.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

To the extent possible under law, [Chinmay Pendharkar](https://chinmay.audio/) has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this work.
